Let's get into the solution.
So first off, we know that we have to remove the restaurant screen because this isn't useful here anymore.
This is not something that we currently need in the root of the application will leave the airport here
because we still need that.
But what we know over here is that we need to copy these two core items.
We need to import the navigation container as well as the create bottom top navigator.
And looking at this example right down here, we can see that we need to create a contact tab.
To create the actual navigation element, so we'll put that over here right above the render function.
OK, this over here is going to create the bottom tab navigator, this is the core function that is
going to create the component that we're going to use to allow us to create tabs.
OK, so now we could follow along with this and we can create separate components for everything.
Now, this over here, if you see function my tabs, this is similar to the way that we create components.
We just do it with private functions.
Either method is completely valid.
This is what we would call in Java script, a private function.
This is a named function.
And so they operate the exact same way.
My personal preference is to write components this way.
A lot of times this is a very acceptable way of doing it as well.
So what we're going to do is we're going to copy this out.
But first, we need to put our navigation container in our approach.
So this needs to be the core thing that wraps any navigation elements, right?
And there we go.
So now we have our navigation container in here.
OK, so now that we have that we can create from this TAB element, the TAB navigation.
So by doing this we said we wanted a restaurant's screen, which is going to be restaurants, and then
we wanted a setting screen, but we also wanted a map screen.
We can quickly create like two functions here, right?
Const settings is equal to and then quickly grab.
For instance, let's do react native, let's grab just a quickly like the text element from Riak native,
we're going to render out some text here just to make it easy to see which screen is which.
And so we can do settings is equal to text and then we'll do settings.
And text, and then we'll do the same for map and we'll say map.
We'll save that and what we can do here is we can say map, we can say settings and we know that for
restaurants we're going to need the restaurants screen.
And so when we do that, I just need to quickly rerun.
My expo canceled it and then one stops running what I can do once it started, the metro bundler, I
can reload over here and this is going to allow me the ability to see my changes in the app while it's
building.
And boom, right here we can see restaurants, map settings, no icons available yet, but we have three
things rendering out.
Oh, look at that.
Look at that map is rendering off the screen and so is settings.
Why is that?
Well, remember when we created our safe area in the screen right here?
When we need the same thing for all of these tabs, because they're not rendering in the safe area.
So one thing, one optimization we're going to do here as well is we're going to create a new folder
over here.
A new component, so to speak, and we'll call it safe area component thought.
Now, we could put this in a specific folder, but since it's just a baseline component, well, let's
put it in utilities.
Right.
This is kind of a utility component.
So we'll put it in a utility folder.
And then what we're going to do is we're going to take from restaurant screen.
We're going to say export, we're going to copy paste this and we're going to put it in here.
And then we're going to take this import.
We're going to put this at the top.
We're going to remove flat list because it's not used.
We're going to clean up these references because we don't need them.
And then the last thing we need to do is we need to import styled from Riak native styled.
And then in the restaurant screen, of course, we need to do something like import safe area, and
then we need to do that from dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, slash components, utility,
safe area.
And that's going to fix that up.
And then in the app that, yes, we can import that safe area as well by doing an import over here from
import safe area.
And then we can say from source components, utility, safe area and then we'll have our safe area.
And all we need to do now is say, OK, wrap this in a safe area.
And then wrap this one in the safe area.
And by doing that, we're going to make sure that every single tab renders in a safe area and now they're
rendering in the correct section.
So we took a component that we have built for a specific screen and we now needed a utility component
that can be used anywhere.
And so they're, first of all, always going to dodge the top height because on iOS is going to be in
the safe area component and on Android, it's going to take into account the current height.
And we applied this to every single screen.
So we made a mini optimization there, but a very powerful one because now we can put any tab in a safe
area.
Amazing.